The room is tainted with soldered tin and burnt electrical tape. Thermal grease stickily stains the floor. Thick wooden bookshelves sag debilitatingly close to the buckling under the weight of books and miniatures. A polyurethane-covered table at the corner of the room lies with papers, a laptop, tools and metal shards. An antediluvian fan rigidly spins and blows hot air stream away. A bed sits on the other side, untidily mounted with dirty clothes and messy pillows. Stepping inside, most people would not feel comfortable with this messiness, but I love spending my time here. I have been sleeping, eating and working here ever since I was an ankle-biter. I built my first-ever ‘machine’ at the age of five, my international-recognized smart house in eighth grade and my tagging system in eleventh grade. The room’s where I learned to code an Arduino microcontroller and built my very own AI algorithm. Ever since I watched the series ‘Back to the Future’ as a toddler, I've known that my life is science, and engineering leads to the new horizon. Moreover, cutting edge technology on Iron Man’s suits and his J.A.R.V.I.S. empowers my passion, I've spent days and nights, trying to learn everything I could about robotics and coding.




Indeed, spending much time in my room reading and exploring ideas makes me an introvert; however, I do enjoy those lively chatting and sports out there. I love swimming and eating bizarre food, love to savor but not to spend money. I love rap music and nu-metal, love to travel but not to sojourn in any place. Nevertheless, my life does orbit around robotics: learn science, make projects, acquire knowledge, build an innovation house and live my whole life with patents. Strange it may seem, as I have committed myself to robotics so compliantly despite my many interests, but miraculously, robotics combines them all! Engineering and computer science are the backbones of every robot, but that’s far from everything. By combining them with branches of science, you will see the amazing world of robotics, a virtual program that brings practical applications. I could supply classrooms with interactive robots, and thus I could rev children’s craving up. I could help the illnesses with robots that perform dexterous surgeries. I could help farmers with A.I. algorithms that sort out ripened fruits. I could aid soldiers’ wounds, improve the infrastructure and explore new worlds, all with robots. These machines may not be the silvering light Iron Man suit that saves the New Yorkers, but for me, the humanity and reality that robotics bring conquer my mind. 




At first glance, an excitement to build those machines is where I could build them. I could become an expert in artificial intelligence with a breakthrough algorithm. I could become a scientist with wholehearted research to save lives. I could become an influencer with speeches that inspire global children. But first, I would like to be a part of a top-notch institution, a community in which I can be myself, truly live my passion and meet peers that share the same ideals. With the vast opportunities and research environment awaits at universities, my college life will be ineradicable and satisfying. But for now, I have to take a break, as my smart house is growling constantly for coolant!